# data-journalism 
Hello! My name is Jaye and I am from the south shore of Long Island. My profile picture is of one of my dogs, Sadie. She's a 7-year-old white Labrodor who loves water and being out on our boat (as you can probably tell from her huge smile!) I have one other dog, a brown 11-year-old chihuahua named Desi. Desi has the biggest and most affectionate personality I've ever seen in any dog, not even just small dogs! 
I am very excited to be using GitHub because I think learning to code is not only a valuable skill to add to your resume, but it is a skill that will only become more and more important in setting yourself apart from other caididates for a job or internship because using technology is a required skill that isn't going anywhere anytime soon.
BusinessMajors!https://github.com/jayebates/data-journalism/blob/main/BusinessMajors.png?raw=true{height="36px" width="36px"}
Title: Popular Business Majors 2022
Source: Lehigh University Data Center
Textual Description: This infographic shows the distribution of the five most popular majors in Rauch Business Center in Spring 2022, along with the percentage of their populatiry among all of the other business majors, combined. I disregarded students in the College of Business who were "Undeclared," which was about 800 students of the 1,524. I got this data from Lehigh University's Data Center (https://oirsa.lehigh.edu/majors), on which I refined the data shown to only within the College of Business and only among undergraduate students, removing graduate students. I added these filters to get an unobstructed view of the majors that had the highest level of enrollment in the Spring 2022 semester. The key findings of my data was that, among the five most popular business majors (Finance, Business Information Systems, Accounting, Economics, and Management) Finance was the most popular, making up about 25% of enrollment in the College of Business overall.
